---
title: "The Beginning"
categories: 
  - posts
---

"A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are
correct. This every sister of the Bene Gesserit knows." - from Manual of
Muad'Dib by the Princess Irulan

I'm not great at beginnings. Or endings, for that matter. The worst part of any
paper that I had to write in school was the first and last paragraphs. In this
case, it's the first post of this blog, and I would really like to not look back
on this post, cringe, and delete it like I have all the others. But the balance
of saying the right amount is difficult for me: I either end up saying far too
little or far too much. Thus, the deleted posts, the repeated attempts to get
this whole blog thing working for me.

Where do I start? I go by Mara, here and elsewhere. Mara Jade, to be exact,
though I can only dream of being half as badass as the true Mara Jade is. I'm
currently a mid-20s recent graduate of computer science whose hobbies include
reading and video games, mostly. Due to things I may or may not write about
later, I am attempting to build a life from the ground up. Mentally, at least. I
am priviledged that I have someone supporting me as I do this, especially as
part of that building is attempting to find employment (Hi recruiters!).

A personal website is something I've been working on off and on throughout the
years, to little success. This one might actually go somewhere, as it has a
theme and layout I actually like and can use. The trick, as I alluded to
earlier, will be writing posts that I don't want to delete later. Well, the main
problem is having the motivation/energy to write the posts in the first place,
but not deleting them later will also help. That and figuring out a good process
of getting my screenshots from my gaming computer to my working computer so I
can upload them. So many lovely screenshots from Skyrim! So many screenshots of
my Minecraft insanity.

Well, now that I managed to get through the beginning, and have probably rambled
enough in the middle, we come to the end; my other big writing problem. I make
no promises about a posting schedule, that would last for a post or two at most.
But every time I try this, I get a little bit further, so here's hoping it
sticks this time!

Thank you for reading, and may the Force be with you.
