---
layout: post
title: "Rambling about multiple topics"
categories: [Life]
tags: [rambles]
---

I don't know why this whole blogging thing is so hard for me. Probably because I
put too much thought into it. I don't really need a goal when I start writing
this, do I? Some people actually enjoy it when I ramble on about semi-random
things. I'm actually pretty good at making sense, it's just so many different
things all at once. Plus the whole rambling thing increases my chances of saying
something bad, and I really hate it when I do that; it usually shuts me up for a
while.

But this post is because I haven't done this in a while (again), and there are
several topics I want to write about but keep not doing it because I have some
feeling I should do it a certain way or have  plan or something.

Planning is overrated. I don't do much, and I'm doing... fine. Okay, maybe you
should plan things. Of course, planning doesn't help much when something throws
a really big wrench in the works, like, say, a global pandemic!

It's rather inconvenient, this whole COVID-19 thing. To be perfectly honest, it
hasn't changed much for me. I pretty much stay at home most of the time, so this
is almost a relief. We stay at home as much as we used to, it's just the norm
now instead of being weird. But it does get to me, sometimes. Sometimes I just
want to go out and do some things, but I keep thinking "No, you should really
stay at home unless necessary." Which is especially a problem when I'm on my way
out of a dark mental place and am trying to do things that are now closed or
cancelled.

The other problem I have with this whole blog thing is that I start to write a
post, get distracted, and then never finish it. Like this one. I ended at that
last paragraph last night, so I guess this post is done now and I'll write
something else later.

Thanks for reading, and may the Force be with you!
