---
layout: post
title: "A tour of minecraft"
categories: [Minecraft]
tags: [games]
---

Now that I'm done going through all those Skyrim screenshots, I can show you my
base on the new server! It's been up for a few months now, though there was a
really rough patch in the beginning with world generation being absolutely
broken. This has resulted in the Overworld being a bit weird, with
jack-o-lanterns and nether levers everywhere, but fixing that would require a
reset and they're not going to do that. Everything else works now, though.

![A nice hollow for a base](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-15_12.02.48.png)

This is the spot I decided on. A nice hill to the side, a little hollow, next to
water, and a large hole underneath the hill.

![The hole](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-15_12.03.05.png)

The aforementioned hole.

![No rain](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-15_12.21.03.png)

Here it is without rain.

![Random floating blocks](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-19_12.39.56.png)

I always find random floating blocks to be amusing. They happen in all sorts of
worldgen settings and I often take pics of them.

![New mountain base](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_19.12.12.png)

A little way into playing I discovered a massive mountain near my base, so I had
to move there. This is the little area that I started with.

![To the left](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_19.12.19.png)

A shot of the left part of the mountain.

![To the right](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_19.12.31.png)

And a shot to the right! It's quite large as you can see.

![Where the door will be](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_19.14.04.png)

I knew from the beginning that I was going to dig this mountain out and build
into it. This is where I would put the door. It's just asking for a door, isn't
it?

![Basic cavewoman camp](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_20.48.35.png)

![From the other side](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-23_20.48.58.png)

Of course, having stone tools at the time, I built my base outside, as I was not
digging anything out yet. This is my little cavewoman-age base.

![Beginnings of Blood Magic on Christmas](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-26_15.28.52.png)

The beginnings of my Blood Magic setup. It was also around Christmas as you can
see. I always forget that Minecraft does this, so it's a pleasant surprise every
year!

![One dimensional villager house](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-27_14.40.22.png)

Just a borked village house.

![Astral Sorcery at Christmas](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-28_14.18.23.png)

The beginnings of my Astal Sorcery setup. I did not know that AS did a similar
thing for christmas, so that was fun.

![Progress on the base](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-28_14.34.03.png)

Here we have a bit later, as I've advanced a ways. I've started a garden, and if
you look closely, you can see that I've started digging out the mountain and
moving in.

![Magical progress](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-28_14.34.15.png)

Progress on the magic front as well.

![Inside the cave](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-28_14.34.21.png)

![Another angle](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2019-12-28_14.34.32.png)

My very cramped cave. I only had bronze level tools at best at this point, so
it's not a big hole.

![Much time and digging later](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-01-25_18.43.04.png)

![The other side](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-01-25_18.43.08.png)

And here's what happened after I got the excavate modifier on my hammer! Make
digging things out easier, so I started emptying out the mountain of stone.
Cobble, anyone?

![Beginnings of IE](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-01-29_19.06.05.png)

And here... it begins. This is the very beginning of my Immersive Engineering
setup. Just a waterwheel and a cloche.

I haven't been taking very many screenshots, so there's going to be a big jump.
But I think it is now time for me to take you on a tour of my base as it
currently is!

![The entrance](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.06.17.png)

This is the current ground level entrance. I haven't decided what to do about a
door yet.

![Looking up the staircase](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.06.26.png)

My spiral staircase leading up to the main base.

![Empty area](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.06.29.png)

I'll probably stick some kind of decoration there. Or maybe a teleporter of some
kind, I haven't decided yet.

![Top of the staircase heading outside](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.07.15.png)

Here we're at the top of the staircase, about to head back outside

![Entrance at the top](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.07.24.png)

The entrance at the top! This is where the base from before was; as you can see,
it's been greatly modified.

![Entrance hall](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.07.38.png)

The entrance hall behind the door! If you haven't figured it out yet, I'm not
that great at decoration. Plus I've been focusing on functionality, not looks.
Once things are fairly advanced and automated I'll go back and focus on
decoration.

![Bedroom and kitchen](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.07.49.png)

My bedroom and kitchen. They're going to be more separated I think, but I
figured having the kitchen next to my bedroom was appropriate.

![First transition](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.08.02.png)

Heading out of the entrance hall now, down below is my storage room.

![Storage room](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.08.23.png)

Here it is fully. It's just stacks of grouped but unorganized chests atm. I'm
working on upgrading to Refined Storage so I don't have to sort this shit!

![IE and Tinkers setup](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.08.35.png)

Some of my IE stuff, and Tinker's Construct Smeltery. The chests on the right
are where my blast furnaces were until I upgraded to an arc furnace.

![Better with Mods setup](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.08.42.png)

Over there is my Better with Mods setup and the rest of my tinkers stuff.

![Distillation towers and modular machinery plastic](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.08.56.png)

A pair of distillation towers and my modular machinery plastic making setup.

![Power setup](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.09.07.png)

Here we have my power generation setup. This is producing biodiesel for my
generators, with my steam generator in the background.

![Other machinery](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.09.13.png)

Over there are the rest of my IE machines: crusher, metal presses, and arc
furnace.

![Pneumaticraft start](/static/assets/img/screenshots/minecraft/2020-02-10_14.09.23.png)

This is the beginnings of pneumaticraft, aka the beginnings of actual
technology!

And that is my base! I did just realize I didn't take any screenshots of my
magic setups, but I haven't been focusing on them so I'll leave that for another
day.

Thanks for reading, and may the Force be with you!
