---
title: "So much Skyrim"
categories: 
  - posts
tags:
  - games
---

Are you tired of Skyrim posts yet? I am! That's why I've been having such
trouble finishing this off. So we'll see if I can get through the rest of the
pics here, and then I can move on to what I'm actually doing!

![Ship into Solstheim](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190410185611_1.jpg)  

![Ship into Solstheim](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190410185909_1.jpg)  

![Ship into Solstheim](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190410185929_1.jpg)  

Welcome to Solstheim! It's not my favorite place, really, but that's mostly due
to how brown and dead it is. I don't mind spending short amounts of time there,
though, as long as I ignore the crazy cultists and the annoying ash men.

![Red Mountain errupting](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190410205608_1.jpg)  

The Red Mountain in Morrowind. It's a volcano that errupted massively about 200
years ago, leading to the devastation of Morrowind, and is theorized to be the
reason behind the Great Collapse in Winterhold. Looks nice from this angle,
though.

![Overlooking a ruin in the ebony mines](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190411190044_1.jpg)  

This is in the ebony mine in Raven Rock. I love to waterfalls here.

![A different angle](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190411190044_1.jpg)  
![Looking back from the door](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20190411190154_1.jpg)  

This is from the other side, looking back at where I was standing when I took
the previous pics.

![Nice rivers](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191112192356_1.jpg)  


This is just a nice spot, isn't it?

![Looking down at Ivarstead](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191117170155_1.jpg)  

A nice shot of looking down on Ivarstead from the 7000 steps.

![Whiterun from the bandit cave](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191117202844_1.jpg)  

Whiterun from that bandit cave nearby. Oh, we've also switched characters here,
this is Fushka, she's a drunken dark elf mage.

![Heading into the Reach](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191126210123_1.jpg)  

Heading into the Reach here, good shot of the mountains and river.

![First look at Markarth](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191126210805_1.jpg)  

Coming up to Markarth here, the city of stone.

![More Markarth](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191126210823_1.jpg)  

![Red Eagle](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191126215448_1.jpg)  

And then we jump to the Red Eagle's sword, iirc.

![Pedastal without sword](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191126215522_1.jpg)  

I think I took these on the way out as I forgot on the way in, which is why
they're backwards.

![A pretty cave](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191127140938_1.jpg)  

I really like the glowing stuff like on the ceiling here. Some of these caves
are so pretty!

![A shot in Arkenthrand](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128143802_1.jpg)

I believe this is Arkenthrand, that dwarven ruin where you help that ghost lady
find aetherium. The massive rift in the middle is quite pretty, though.

![Sunbeam shot](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128143810_1.jpg) 

A lovely shot of a sunbeam in a cave.

![Sitting in the Winking Skeever](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128201334_1.jpg)

Just chilling in the Winking Skeever.

![Eldergleam Sanctuary](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128215014_1.jpg)

I love the Eldergleam Sanctuary, it's such a lovely cave.

![The Eldergleam](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128215042_1.jpg)

The Eldergleam! It is a large tree, isn't it?

![A different angle](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128215057_1.jpg)

![Clavicus Vile](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128222331_1.jpg)

And here we have the shrine to Clavicus Vile, the Daedric Prince of fucking you
over in deals.

![The Gildergreen before restoration](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128224931_1.jpg)

The Gildergreen, the tree that is said to be decended from the Eldergleam. This
is before you try to restore it with the sap.


![A different angle](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191128225010_1.jpg)

It's pretty sad, isn't it?

![Axe in Rataway](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129143931_1.jpg)

The axe in the Rataway. It looks so cool, doesn't it? Too bad there's nothing
connected to it.

![Door to Skyruler Templer](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129171551_1.jpg)

The door to Skyruler Temple! It's a bit weird, being a face, but it does look
cool.

![Looking down at a house](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129172509_1.jpg)

A different view of that house that always has forsworn outside of it. I forget
who's home it is, though.

![Tree in Markarth Ruins](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129175947_1.jpg)

I forget what the ruins in Markarth are called, but this is that seemingly
random tree in it. The researcher journals you find even mention being confused
by it.

![Dwarven torture room](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129180154_1.jpg)

A torture room! I dunno who the dwarves were torturing (Falmer?) but it wasn't
fun for whoever it was for sure.

![Wolfskull Cave](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129201119_1.jpg)

I believe this is Wolfskull Cave, aka where some mages attempt to ressurect
Potema, the Wolf Queen.

![Looking down at where we just were](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129201756_1.jpg)

And here we look down on where we were just standing!

![Random cave](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191129202444_1.jpg)

No idea where this is, but it does look nice.

![Gildergreen in bloom](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191202165646_1.jpg)

And here we havev the Gildergreen in it's full glory! Looks much nicer now,
doesn't it?

![A full shot](/assets/images/screenshots/skyrim/20191202165652_1.jpg)

I just love this game so much. Look at how nice this shot it! This is why I keep
playing, and why I keep taking pics.

That is all of the screenshots I have right now! Gotta double check to make sure
there aren't any more on the gaming computer, but hopefully I will be better at
realtime posting of photos. Especially since I will be able to remember where I
took the pics!
