---
title: "New year, new site, new me?"
categories: [Life]
tags: [ramblings]
---

It's a new year! And here at the end of January, I feel relatively confident
in talking about the future. Sort of. It didn't start out too promising, I have
to admit. I mean we couldn't even make it a week into the year before something
fucked up happened, what with the Trump cultists going terrorist and attempting
a coup to keep him in power. That made the first few weeks of the year just as 
stressful as 2020, so I consider those first few weeks to really just be a 
continuation of 2020.

But then January 20th happened: Inauguration Day. Normally a day I don't care too
much about, but this time was different. I watched the entire thing with relief and
happiness, just so thankful that the adults are back in charge. Joe Biden is president, 
which means that after 4 years of hell, we finally have someone sane in charge. Someone
who is capable of finishing sentences and thoughts in speeches, someone who is capable
of at least pretending he gives a shit about other Americans, someone who won't
be spending all his time holding ego-rallies and stirring up hatred.

This doesn't mean I particularly like Biden, or that I am going to be happy
with him no matter what he does. No, I want to help hold him accountable,
because he actually can be. But that's more for another post. The important thing
here is that I have decided that the 20th was the true start of the new year, because
it's only been a week and things are already looking up! Biden is taking COVID 
seriously, my bf got a new job, reddit is fucking with the stock market and 
causing rich people to lose tons of money, it's going well! Oh, and let's not
forget about the fact that there's a vaccine being given out for COVID, even
if there are problems with distribution.

There's still plenty of time for things to go to shit, but I'm just going to 
revel in this feeling of hope for a bit, and work on this website! I reinstalled 
Linux on my laptop just to have a clean slate (and I was also a few versions of 
Ubuntu behind). Once I did that, I finally got Docker working, and I think I'm 
getting the hang of it! I have it set up for Jekyll at least, which has definitely 
helped with this site. And while I was doing that, I found this nice new theme that
I think fits well for my site. Clean, professional, and a decent balance between 
showing off my software skill and letting me blog like this! I like it, and I hope
potential employers do as well.

Let's do this, 2021!

Thanks for reading, and may the Force be with you!
