---
title: "2020: What a year"
categories: 
  - posts
tags:
  - general
---

Man, what a start to the decade, huh?

There are several different ways I've described or seen used to describe 2020:
The year that lasted a decade, 9 months of March, the year that never seemed
to happen, etc. During November there was "From the year that brought you 8
months of March: Welcome to Tuesday, part 4", which I think 2021 is already
trying to top.

The first few months of 2020 feel like they were a different reality now. They
don't feel like they were a part of this past year, but many years ago. There
just feels like there is a complete disconnect between pre-covid, and when the
lockdowns started. There were events that got cancelled that I completely forgot
about, because at the time I though that the lockdowns would take only a few
months, then things would be back to normal, and everything could be
rescheduled, right? Wrong. It turns out people, Americans specifically, are so
selfish they can't even stay home and wear a fucking mask for a couple months.
Nope, haircuts are so much more important! If we'd just done that, we'd be
almost back to normal, like Australia is. But no, your right to be a selfish
prick is more important that other people's right to *not fucking die*
apparently.

This last year has really opened people's eyes to many of the things wrong with
our society. Most of capitalism, racism, class inequality, lack of safety nets,
the uter selfishness of certain groups of people, the fact that people working
from home is in fact possible and will not destroy your business, etc. The trick
will be remembering all the lessons, and making sure everyone understands what
they mean. I hope we do, things could be much better if we use this time to
adjust how we run things.

It is strange though, the world has flipped upside-down, so many people have
suffered and even died, but on a personal level? This year has been a time of
improvement. I somehow forgot until I was reminded a couple months ago, but I
have only been seeing my psychologist since last January. It feels like it's
been much longer, but I think a lot of that has to do with how much the proper
medication has improved my life. The proper dosage of sertraline has made me
significantly less depressed and anxious, and while I'm still in the process of
fine-tuning my Adderall usage, it is already helping me with focusing and
productivity. I won't even detail how much my marijuana usage has improved this
past year, but it's amazing. I feel better than I have in years, and a little
hope has returned: perhaps I can actually get and hold a job! I just need
everyone to stop looking for senior-level developers only. You can't get senior
developers if you don't hire junior ones, people! I can't get the experience you
want if nobody hires me! Such a frustrating paradox, that one is.

Speaking of which, post writing break is over, back to the job hunt!

Thanks for reading, and may the Force be with you!
